CM account instructions (#68)
chain4travel/camino-messenger-bot: README.MD

For development purposes, it is also possible to configure the partner profile on testnet Columbus.

For development purposes, a CM Account can also be created and configured without the company being listed as a Partner - via [camino messenger contracts](https://github.com/chain4travel/camino-messenger-contracts) `hardhat` tool.

To create a **CM Account** and add the bot to it - you will need **two** (test) **wallets** - one for the **CM Account**, and one for the **bot**. The CM Account wallet has to be **KYC verified**. Creating and KYC verifying the test wallets can be done via [suite](https://suite.camino.network/create) as explained [here](https://docs.camino.network/guides/how-to-create-a-wallet) and [here](https://docs.camino.network/guides/kyc#kyc-verification-process).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Remember to ensure the suite is connected to testnet Columbus if you are doing this for development purposes. 

## Funding your wallet 

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Funds must be available on both wallets before you can create the CM account. At least 100 CAM (+ gas price and transaction fee) in the wallet used to create the CM Account and 100 CAM (+ gas price and transaction fee) on bot wallet. To request testnet funds, go to our [discord](https://discord.gg/XhrZTBXv) and use the command `/faucet <columbus-x-chain-address> <amount>` (max amount is 150CAM every 72 hours)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Funds must be available on both wallets before you can create the CM account. At least 100 CAM (+ gas price and transaction fee) in the wallet used to create the CM Account and 100 CAM (+ gas price and transaction fee) on bot wallet. To request testnet funds, go to our [discord](https://discord.gg/XhrZTBXv) and use the command `/faucet <columbus-x-chain-address> <amount>` (max amount is 150CAM every week)
```

Reviewer: and we can also write that this is the current status and it may differ later, or we don't mention the maximum amount here because it will be shown by the discord bot

Author: @mo-c4t I added the link to documentation which should be updated to say it may differ later
https://docs.camino.network/developer/guides/how-to-deploy-a-smart-contract#3-request-funds-from-the-discord-faucet

yarn hardhat account create --private-key <0xstatic-private-key-of-the-cm-account-wallet> --network columbus
```
The command will output your new **CM Account Address** in format 0x<\...\>. Store it and add it to your `.yml` configuration under `cm_account_addess`.
To retrieve your wallet static private key, follow the instructions [here](https://docs.camino.network/guides/how-to-login-to-your-wallet#how-to-retrieve-your-private-key).  

2. To **add the bot** to the CM Account run:
```

> yarn hardhat account add:bot --bot <0xc-chain-address-of-the-bot-wallet> --cm-account  <0xCMAccount-address> --private-key <0xstatic-private-key-of-the-cm-account-wallet> --network columbus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn hardhat account bot:add --bot <0xc-chain-address-of-the-bot-wallet> --cm-account  <0xCMAccount-address> --private-key <0xstatic-private-key-of-the-cm-account-wallet> --network columbus
```

```
Add this **bot's wallet static private key** to your `.yml` configuration under `bot_key`.

3. Granting Withdrawer role  

In case you want to withdraw funds from the CM Account contract, you have to grant the `WITHDRAWER_ROLE` to an address, even for the default admin (creator of the CM Account). To do this run:
```

> yarn hardhat --network columbus account role:grant --role WITHDRAWER_ROLE --cm-account <0xCMAccount-address> --address <0xwithdrawer-address> --private-key <0xstatic-private-key-of-the-default-admin-of-the-cm-account> --network columbus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn hardhat account role:grant --role WITHDRAWER_ROLE --cm-account <0xCMAccount-address> --address <0xwithdrawer-address> --private-key <0xstatic-private-key-of-the-default-admin-of-the-cm-account> --network columbus
```

yarn hardhat account create --private-key <0xstatic-private-key-of-the-cm-account-wallet> --network columbus
```
The command will output your new **CM Account Address** in format 0x<\...\>. Store it and add it to your `.yml` configuration under `cm_account_addess`.
To retrieve your wallet static private key, follow the instructions [here](https://docs.camino.network/guides/how-to-login-to-your-wallet#how-to-retrieve-your-private-key).  

2. To **add the bot** to the CM Account run:
```
yarn hardhat account add:bot --bot <0xc-chain-address-of-the-bot-wallet> --cm-account  <0xCMAccount-address> --private-key <0xstatic-private-key-of-the-cm-account-wallet> --network columbus
```
Add this **bot's wallet static private key** to your `.yml` configuration under `bot_key`.

3. Granting Withdrawer role  

> In case you want to withdraw funds from the Cm Account wallet to another wallet, you have to grant it the `WITHDRAWER_ROLE`. To do this run:

Reviewer: as well as same wallet.

```suggestion
In case you want to withdraw funds from the Cm Account wallet to a wallet, you have to grant it the `WITHDRAWER_ROLE`. To do this run:
```

Reviewer 2: Also add a note that it's also needed for the default admin (the address created the CM Account).

```suggestion
In case you want to withdraw funds from the CM Account contract, you have to grant the `WITHDRAWER_ROLE` to an address, even for the default admin (creator of the CM Account). To do this run:
```

```

> yarn hardhat --network columbus account role:grant --role WITHDRAWER_ROLE --cm-account <0xCMAccount-address> --address <0xwithdrawer-address> --private-key <0xstatic-private-key-of-the-cm-account-wallet> --network columbus

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
yarn hardhat --network columbus account role:grant --role WITHDRAWER_ROLE --cm-account <0xCMAccount-address> --address <0xwithdrawer-address> --private-key <0xstatic-private-key-of-the-default-admin-of-the-cm-account> --network columbus
```
